Installing on Windows 10 (Pro or Enterprise) :
This is the best experience on Windows, but due to OS feature requirements, it only works on the Pro and Enterprise editions of Windows 10 (with latest update rollups). You 
need to install "Docker for Windows" from the Docker Store.

Installing on Windows 7, 8, or 10 Home Edition :
Unfortunately, Microsoft's OS features for Docker and Hyper-V don't work in these older versions, and "Windows 10 Home" edition doesn't have Hyper-V, so you'll need to install 
the Docker Toolbox, which is a slightly different approach to using Docker with a VirtualBox VM. This means Docker will be running in a Virtual Machine that sits behind the IP 
of your OS, and uses NAT to access the internet.

**NOTES: FOR TOOLBOX USERS:
         For all examples that use http://localhost , you'll need to replace with http://192.168.99.100

Installing on Mac :
You'll want to install Docker for Mac, which is great. If you're on an older Mac with less than OSX Yosemite 10.10.3, you'll need to install the Docker Toolbox instead.

Installing on Linux :
Do *not* use your built in default packages like apt/yum install docker.io  because those packages are old and not the Official Docker-Built packages. 
I prefer to use the Docker's automated script to add their repository and install all dependencies: curl -sSL https://get.docker.com/ | sh  but you can also install in a more 
manual method by following specific instructions on the Docker Store for your distribution, like this one for Ubuntu.

***NOTES: What if None Of These Options Work
          Maybe you don't have local admin, or maybe your machine doesn't have enough resources. Well the best free option here is to use play-with-docker.com, which will run 
          one or more Docker instances inside your browser, and give you a terminal to use it with. You can actually create multiple machines on it, and even use the URL to 
          share the session with others in a sort of collaborative experience.  I highly recommend you check it out.  Most of the lectures in this course can be used with "PWD",
          but it's only limitation really is it's time bombed to 4 hours, at which time it'll delete your servers.
